Except for code in the blowfish, des, md4 and md5 plugins (see below) the
following terms apply:

For copyright information see the headers of individual source files.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses>.

Linking strongSwan statically or dynamically with other modules is making a
combined work based on strongSwan. Thus, the terms and conditions of the GNU
General Public License cover the whole combination.

In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders of strongSwan give
you permission to combine strongSwan with free software programs or libraries
that are released under the GNU LGPL and with code included in the standard
release of the OpenSSL project's OpenSSL library under the OpenSSL or SSLeay
licenses (or modified versions of such code, with unchanged license). You may
copy and distribute such a system following the terms of the GNU GPL for
strongSwan and the licenses of the other code concerned, provided that you
include the source code of that other code when and as the GNU GPL requires
distribution of source code.

Note that people who make modified versions of strongSwan are not obligated to
grant this special exception for their modified versions; it is their choice
whether to do so. The GNU General Public License gives permission to release a
modified version without this exception; this exception also makes it possible
to release a modified version which carries forward this exception.


The DES implementation in the des plugin and the Blowfish implementation in the
blowfish plugin are under a BSD style license (see source files for details).
Note that these parts have an advertising clause in it.

The MD4 and MD5 implementations in the md4 and md5 plugins are from RSA Data
Security Inc., so this package must include the following phrase:
"derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm".

